you gotta know better than to trust  people  rule number four look at what women do  not what they say  look at what they do behind closed doors  guys people are their truest selves when  they think there's no one watching  what you do how you think when there's  no one watching and judging you is  exactly who you are if anything looks  are more important to women than to men  plain and simple things when i was  online dating i thought it was the worst  being an asian guy and i thought maybe  because i was also an asian model it  would be a little bit better because  i've heard of online dating being  horrible for asian guys it was  horrible  i mean i literally remember days of just  swiping and then watching your white  friends like  kill it on online dating  then i figured let me ask an asian girl  out maybe she'll say yes  hey want to go to this dance with me  [Music]  sorry i don't find asian guys attractive  bro you can't lift away your ugliness  and i am speaking from experience here i  have gym self for years four years i was  like i can't be scrawny and skinny i  gotta go to gym i gotta get muscled i  have wasted so much time and money and  it is all pointless for years i have  used so much creatine prevalence  products and more i have gyms out  religiously  and now i have nothing to show for it  that's a topic for a video  [Music]  the black pill philosophy is partly  correct it is partly incorrect that's  why it's important to criticize it  however we should acknowledge  both that it is in large part correct  and also that the themes and issues  being dealt with in the black philosophy  have tremendous  importance to the people  involved now by contrast  utilitarianism  is not worth discussing it's not worth  debating i cannot believe  how many of these losers there are  on the internet who want to take the  time  to talk through a chalkboard  hypothetical scenario in detail  of waiting in a doctor's office and  having to choose between sitting on a  wooden chair  and a more comfortable leather chair  because by sitting on the leather chair  you're hypothetically contributing to in  future killing another cow to replace  that chair with another leather chair  once the leather is worn out over the  very gradual process of hundreds and  hundreds of people sitting on the same  leather chair like  utilitarianism  is a philosophy  that doesn't matter it doesn't matter  academically it doesn't matter  politically  and it does not matter in anyone's  day-to-day lives the way the black pill  philosophy matters it's very easy to  trivialize and dismiss  these problems  some of you will be thinking  isn't blackville philosophy isn't  in cell philosophy generally isn't it  just a bunch of video game addicted  nerds  complaining about the fact that they  can't get laid well yes that is part  of the problem  but there are deeper and more important  questions raised  questions that will never appear on cnn  questions that were never addressed in  documentary filmmaking or in books or in  social science research like guess what  one of the consequences of  multiculturalism  as a political policy  as a model  for western societies  is that there are significant numbers  of young men  of  indian descent  of middle eastern descent  living in these  white western cultures  and partly  for cultural reasons partly for  religious reasons but partly  for ethnic reasons for reasons of what  you could call racism i suppose  they can't get laid when was last time  you heard that perspective when was the  last time you heard the perspective  of  an east indian guy  talking about how hard it is to live in  a white western democratic society where  his accent is looked down upon his  education is looked down upon yes yes  but also his appearance  the way in which that's denigrating and  frustrating hey when we came up with  this utopian ideal  of the multicultural society did we  think this through  did we think through the extent to which  there would be winners and losers not  just  economically the economics are important  but also  on this most intimate scale  human sexuality caucasian picture and  batch name gets  3.09 average then if you change the name  to a non-dutch name the average  attractiveness gets a little lower to  2.79 but not too much this confirms what  i have said before just be white it's  about books not politics  the reason why just white exists is not  because white women  somehow are politically loyal to their  race or nation and when you take the  name of it is another small hit about  seven percent it doesn't matter what  country you are from if you look white  you're white  you can't from cameroon you can't be  from nigeria it doesn't matter then we  look at what happens when you change the  picture to a middle eastern guy with a  dutch name  intention to date decreases to 1.72  there is a nearly 50 percent 50 degrees  then if you change the name to a  non-dutch name it gets even lower  and i know what people are gonna say  oh man you know  these are white respondents you know of  course they will prefer their own race  how this is even just the right  okay look at this when we look at the  preferences of non-white respondents we  see  nearly identical numbers  again you see a similar 50 decrease in  perceived attractiveness when you change  the race  but the numbers deviate in much smaller  size when you change only the name these  results suggest that while perceived  ethnic similarity might not play a  direct role in the choice of a potential  partner the ethnic appearance of a  tender profile could influence its  perceived attractiveness  which in turn impacts its data believing  these findings are in line with existing  research on the role of race in online  dating underscoring that caucasians are  generally favored over all other groups  race not only becomes a filter but also  appears to contribute to users stating  market value so i do respect  the project  of blackpill philosophy i do  respect the questions that they're  raising  i think these are really important  questions and i totally acknowledge the  failure  of mainstream media academia the social  sciences of i don't know  any  agora anywhere in our society the  failure  to address these things anywhere other  than here on youtube maybe in some  podcasts that have been created by the  in cells themselves who are saying look  these questions need answers  and of course they have to come up with  answers  for  their own personal lives  they have to in their own idiom learn  how to cope in talking about politics  and talking about philosophy and in  talking about sexuality  claims  cloud our judgment  as to qualitative realities  in fact quantitative claims  rarely have any significance  other than  to bias  the course of our thinking  on political matters and  the black pillars and the end cells  insist  on using numerals to indicate how  attractive someone is  everybody is a number between 1 and 10  reflecting their so-called market value  how attractive they are how sexy they  are and they will normally admit at  least one more scale ranking you from  one to ten that reflects your wealth  and to some extent  your social status how much power and  influence you have put it that way so  they will admit that to some extent  a man who is ugly if he has a tremendous  amount of money or tremendous amount of  political power or a tremendous amount  of fame  this in some ways does and in some ways  does not compensate for the fundamental  value they insist on as being the uh the  great source of inequality that they are  fulminating against  that first scale  of ranking human beings  from one to 10 based on their appearance  this is interesting in part because it  is a critique of multiculturalism as  i've already mentioned in part  because it's a critique of  egalitarianism  both as a cultural and political  concept the notion that we already are  living in an egalitarian society where  we all treat each other as equals and  these sources of inequality don't matter  it's interesting in part  because it's a critique  of religion and a lot of what these guys  struggle against  is the fundamentally christian notion  that no no no  it's not your appearance that matters  it's your soul  it's not your appearance that matters  it's being kind to people you know just  suffer in silence and you'll be fine a  lot of dogmatic christian ideas  that have crept into and shaped our our  culture  i would say more specifically  christianity has shaped the way our  culture perceives itself  the excuses  it makes for itself and these guys are  going to stand up and say no look it's  all [ __ ]  women really do choose men based on  their appearance not because of uh their  soul they don't weigh their soul in a uh  in a scale against a feather or what  have you  and of course they also want to insist  on the corrupting effect that money  education political status and and these  things have in the same competition for  who does and who does not  have to suffer with simply being shunned  and  alone and if you you know if an indian  guy came up to you in the bar or in the  club would you  consider dating him yeah yeah no  you don't like indian guys no  what's the reason for that  my most fundamental and most useful  complaint against the black pill  worldview  is that this analysis although partly  true  is inadequate  that these two quantitative measures  these two scales ranking you from one to  ten  on how attractive you are and how much  money you have  that those are not the only scales these  are not the only measurements these are  not the only qualitative factors that  can be thought of  quantitatively  now  every incel i've spoken to about this  and i've spoken to several at this point  over the internet  they get very uncomfortable  when you start talking about  intelligence  and you know you have to invite them to  think about how they would feel  if positions were reversed don't you  think women care  about how intelligent you are that you  speak  in an intelligent way you know a man  might be very attractive and very  athletic but when he speaks he sounds  like an imbecile  and it's interesting to me a statement  as simple as this they get very  uncomfortable  they get very defensive  i think they're aware that this  challenges their world view  and it challenges it in a way that would  compel them to be less lazy  and self-indulgent  obviously one aspect of  the black pill is a fatalistic  resignation the idea that there is very  little that they can do to help  themselves as soon as we add a spectrum  for intelligence from one to ten  there's the notion that they could work  hard to be more intelligent and that  this would have positive outcomes in  their life including their love life  including their sex life that they could  become a more sophisticated person right  and sophistication  that involves intelligence  it involves knowledge what you do with  your intelligence how you accumulate  expertise over time and it also involves  cultural factors their contraries  haven't been going through centuries of  harsh genetic competition neither so  they can't easily get a life through  arranged marriage but they can't compete  in global data marketplace neither  they're in a brutal brutal situation  your spouse is from your same family yes  this is one of a number of clinics here  in doha where couples come for  pre-marital testing now doctors hope  that the procedure which is now law will  go some way towards lessening the high  rates of hereditary and genetic diseases  associated with intermarriage both here  in qatar and the wider middle east now  again  some of the things these guys are  complaining about  are reasonable to complain about yes  they're going to have to grow up they're  going to have to you know adopt a more  mature attitude worth it but it is  reasonable for them to complain  that at the first stages of initiating a  relationship with a stranger  very often a woman shows interest in a  man a woman is willing to talk to a man  a woman starts asking a man questions  about his life where you come from what  you do for a living a woman arranges to  have coffee with a man  just because of his  appearance and i myself  have been one of the beneficiaries of  this my whole life  and i i very often experience it as an  unwanted intrusion into my life it can  be it can be very obtrusive and  disturbing to have women flirting with  you and women trying to ask personal  questions about you and trying to get a  date with you when you know i don't know  you're just shoe shopping you're trying  to buy shoes and you're not trying to  pick up women and you're not trying to  be picked up by them so i know and some  of you in my audience you may think i'm  horrendously ugly well guess what you  know that is my experience in life and  i'm aware  that a lot of the guys in the black pill  in cell side of the ledger  they are saying that they  resent deeply that they are at such a  stark disadvantage when they look at the  process of human beings  making friends making connections and  meeting lovers at that first shallowest  stage of one person showing interest in  another  and then being willing to talk to  another being willing to get to know  someone else being willing to give  someone else a chance but as soon as we  add this  further  quantitative measurement  of intelligence then we can start  thinking about then we can start talking  about  the situations  in which a woman is interested in a man  not because of his appearance  but because he seems to have a  sophisticated and well-informed opinion  about something she is also interested  in  herself  [Music]  [Music]  for many of you in the audience you're  going to be thinking what's the big deal  why why is this the major thesis of this  video  why is this worth debating why is this  worth contemplating well if you're  thinking that it's because you are not  an incel  and you are not a black pill in cell  they always respond to this with extreme  hostility and i i can't even call it  skepticism  it's more like denialism they want to  insist that no woman  anywhere in the history of the world has  ever taken an interest in a man  because of his intellectual  sophistication and guys i'm sorry you  are only able to deceive yourself this  way  because you spend all your time playing  video games because you spend all your  time watching anime because you're not  out in the real world developing  intellectual sophistication putting  yourself into situations where you would  see that happening between men and women  you'd also see it happening with gay men  and lesbian women and other combinations  of of genders but we're having a largely  heterosexual discussion here today as it  so happens i remember meeting an  unbelievably gorgeous woman  she is one of the most beautiful women  i've ever talked to in my life  and uh  she started getting really interested in  me  okay i'm understating it she was asking  to meet up with me  what's the most delicate way i can put  this because  unexpectedly i had a well-read  well-informed sophisticated opinion  about an intellectual topic she cared  about like she came up to me to talk to  me about something completely different  completely unrelated and then she  mentioned oh you know i'm working on  this  and you could tell from a way of talking  about it this is like an area of  research she was engaged in where like  her parents  don't know what it is and think it's  boring probably her brothers if she has  any or her other friends  all have no interest in this and no  knowledge of it and all of a sudden i'm  like oh really yeah and i start talking  to her i'm in i'm incredibly well read  in that topic and i have a sophisticated  opinion on it  okay guys  that is  normal  that is normal  but it seems abnormal to you  because you don't have those kinds of  experiences and you haven't developed  yourselves intellectually  so that there's any one field let alone  dozens of different fields in which you  can state a sophisticated intelligent  opinion that way and then see that kind  of response from a woman this is the  fundamental point that none of the  in-cells want to accept  and it has a complex cause and effect  relationship  with how and why  they became in cells in the first place  they will be flabbergasted they will be  taken aback  at the suggestion  that the way for them to escape  from their end seldom the way for them  to ascend  is to actually cultivate intellectual  and moral characteristics to come to be  seen as  a sophisticated person with highly  intelligent  well-informed opinions  it is fundamentally  not what they want to hear it's  fundamentally something they refuse to  hear they would rather hear  that they have no choice but to get  plastic surgery they have no choice but  to use steroids and try to get enormous  muscles  they'll be willing to hear  any advice  other than this  but what i'm saying is  improving your intelligence improving  your sophistication  is the only chance you've got  now i could expand this video by about  an hour if i digress to deal with are  misconceptions about the meaning of the  word intelligence itself people think  incorrectly  that intelligence is an innate  hereditary characteristic that you're  just born smart or you're born dumb and  that's it game over  most people in our culture think about  intelligence the same way that incels  think about facial bone structure and  height and masculinity and the  characteristics that attract women so in  a sense there's no point in expanding  the analysis of  human sexual attraction and adding  intelligence if we don't also  start to think in a new  21st century way about what intelligence  is how we cultivate it how we improve it  deepen it expand it and so on  and not just in our school days guys  as life goes on year after year decade  after decade through hard work through a  process of learning and self-improvement  that never stops i am not joking when i  say your looks are your vocational  credentials it is all about how you look  have other people perceive you because  that's gonna have a crucial impact on  your social circle your likability your  personal skills and many more according  to studies good looking people are  considered to be funnier kinder and more  competent even if they aren't like  literally at every turn your looks is  gonna play a very important role from my  perspective  this is the death of the black pill  philosophy  this is where it reaches its limit this  is where it ends this is where people  will break away from it and take on new  directions in their lives  because as soon as you recognize  that you can ascend  by reaching higher and higher levels of  intelligence  higher and higher levels of cultural  sophistication and that is going to give  you a more meaningful life a better life  better friends  better colleagues  and ultimately better sexual partners a  better wife if that's what you're going  for i know maybe you want a plural  marriage whatever it is you're into as  soon as you recognize that that is made  possible through the cultivation of  those mental and moral characteristics  now you have to look back at what you  did with the last 10 years of your life  and realize the extent to which your  status as a black pill in cell  is your own fault you can no longer  blame the color of your skin you can no  longer blame the shape of your face or  your height or at least  not to the same extent you did before  now you have to admit to yourself that  if you have been spending your time  pressing against the upper limits of  what you were intellectually capable of  if you were really becoming a better  person  mentally and morally instead of playing  video games instead of watching anime  instead of watching sports on tv  whatever your vices may be  you would be in a different position  today  in relation to women yes  and also in relation to your potential  to change the history of the world to in  some way  make the world  a better place you may not believe me  guys  but ultimately  that's what chicks dig  a man who can make the world a better  place  even if he's a little bit ugly  that's very attractive indeed  [Music]